update releasing nodes to include linux installers, homebrew and docker (#2822)
adoptium/temurin-build: RELEASING.md

1. Within 15 minutes the binaries should be available on the website too at e.g. https://adoptium.net/?variant=openjdk11&jvmVariant=hotspot (NOTE: If it doesn't show up, check whether the API is returning the right thing (e.g. with a link such as [this](https://api.adoptium.net/v3/assets/feature_releases/17/ga?architecture=x64&heap_size=normal&image_type=jre&jvm_impl=hotspot&os=linux&page=0&page_size=10&project=jdk&sort_method=DEFAULT&sort_order=DESC&vendor=eclipse), and that the `.json` metadata files are uploaded correctly)
1. Since you have 15 minutes free, use that time to update https://github.com/adoptium/adoptium.net/blob/master/src/handlebars/support.handlebars which is the source of  https://adoptium.net/support.html and (if required) the supported platforms table at https://github.com/adoptium/adoptium.net/blob/master/src/handlebars/supported_platforms.handlebars which is the source of https://adoptium.net/supported_platforms.html, and also update https://adoptium.net/release_notes.html ([Sample change](https://github.com/adoptium/adoptium.net/pull/675/commits/563d8e2f0d9d26500a7e8d9eca61b491f73f1f37)

> 1. [Mac only] Once the binaries are available on the website you need to update the Homebrew casks. There are 3 casks in total ([`temurin`](https://github.com/Homebrew/homebrew-cask/blob/master/Casks/temurin.rb) which always serves the latest version, [`temurin8`](https://github.com/Homebrew/homebrew-cask-versions/blob/master/Casks/temurin8.rb) and [`temurin11`](https://github.com/Homebrew/homebrew-cask-versions/blob/master/Casks/temurin11.rb)). An example PR can be found [here](https://github.com/Homebrew/homebrew-cask/pull/113581). If in doubt reach out to George (gdams) as he's a maintainer.

Reviewer: Clarify whether it needs to be three separate PRs against the three casks.
Also possibly provide a link to a JDK8 one alongside the JDK17 one as it's a "simpler" case without the change of `U` (which is also good as an example here of course!)

Reviewer: Perhaps add a note that saying that you can easily copy the the SHAs for inclusion in the PR from the temurin download website for [8](https://adoptium.net/releases.html?variant=openjdk8&jvmVariant=hotspot), [11](https://adoptium.net/releases.html?variant=openjdk11&jvmVariant=hotspot) and [17](https://adoptium.net/releases.html?variant=openjdk17&jvmVariant=hotspot)

> 1. [Linux only] Once the binaries are available on the website you can begin updating the specfiles for the RPM/DEB files. There are 3 different type of linux installer ([debian](https://github.com/adoptium/installer/tree/master/linuxNew/jdk/debian/src/main/packaging/temurin), [redhat](https://github.com/adoptium/installer/tree/master/linuxNew/jdk/redhat/src/main/packaging/temurin) and [suse](https://github.com/adoptium/installer/tree/master/linuxNew/jdk/suse/src/main/packaging/temurin)) and all 3 need updating. Once these files have been updated the [adoptium-packages-linux-pipeline](https://ci.adoptopenjdk.net/job/adoptium-packages-linux-pipeline/) job needs to be kicked off making sure to tick the `UPLOAD` parameter.

Reviewer: Presumably it is valid to run the packages job without `UPLOAD` initially to use as a `dry-run` similar to the main publish job to verify that no errors occur? Perhaps worth explicitly making that suggestion.

  - **Debian** you need to locate the `rules` file for each version. This file contains the URLs and Checksums for each package ([example](https://github.com/adoptium/installer/blob/master/linuxNew/jdk/debian/src/main/packaging/temurin/11/debian/rules#L6-L15)).
  - **RedHat/Suse** you need to modify the `temurin-<version>-jdk.spec` file for each version. The links/checksum links are all defined as `Source<number>` variables ([example](https://github.com/adoptium/installer/blob/master/linuxNew/jdk/redhat/src/main/packaging/temurin/11/temurin-11-jdk.spec#L128-L142)).

> 1. [Docker] please see https://github.com/adoptium/containers#maintenance-of-dockerfiles

Reviewer: I think the formatting will need some fixup here as the two previous bullet points have caused this to show as step 1 again.

1. Within 15 minutes the binaries should be available on the website too at e.g. https://adoptium.net/?variant=openjdk11&jvmVariant=hotspot (NOTE: If it doesn't show up, check whether the API is returning the right thing (e.g. with a link such as [this](https://api.adoptium.net/v3/assets/feature_releases/17/ga?architecture=x64&heap_size=normal&image_type=jre&jvm_impl=hotspot&os=linux&page=0&page_size=10&project=jdk&sort_method=DEFAULT&sort_order=DESC&vendor=eclipse), and that the `.json` metadata files are uploaded correctly)
1. Since you have 15 minutes free, use that time to update https://github.com/adoptium/adoptium.net/blob/master/src/handlebars/support.handlebars which is the source of  https://adoptium.net/support.html and (if required) the supported platforms table at https://github.com/adoptium/adoptium.net/blob/master/src/handlebars/supported_platforms.handlebars which is the source of https://adoptium.net/supported_platforms.html, and also update https://adoptium.net/release_notes.html ([Sample change](https://github.com/adoptium/adoptium.net/pull/675/commits/563d8e2f0d9d26500a7e8d9eca61b491f73f1f37)

> 1. [Mac only] Once the binaries are available on the website you need to update the Homebrew casks. There are 3 casks in total ([`temurin`](https://github.com/Homebrew/homebrew-cask/blob/master/Casks/temurin.rb) which always serves the latest version, [`temurin8`](https://github.com/Homebrew/homebrew-cask-versions/blob/master/Casks/temurin8.rb) and [`temurin11`](https://github.com/Homebrew/homebrew-cask-versions/blob/master/Casks/temurin11.rb)). An example PR can be found [here](https://github.com/Homebrew/homebrew-cask/commit/4565865e9d7c3d3018ee8aa67803ea68c54dde86). Shamsums can be easilty copied from the website. The separate pull request is required for each version you update. If in doubt reach out to George (gdams) as he's a maintainer.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. [Mac only] Once the binaries are available on the website you need to update the Homebrew casks. There are 3 casks in total ([`temurin`](https://github.com/Homebrew/homebrew-cask/blob/master/Casks/temurin.rb) which always serves the latest version, [`temurin8`](https://github.com/Homebrew/homebrew-cask-versions/blob/master/Casks/temurin8.rb) and [`temurin11`](https://github.com/Homebrew/homebrew-cask-versions/blob/master/Casks/temurin11.rb)). An example PR can be found [here](https://github.com/Homebrew/homebrew-cask/commit/4565865e9d7c3d3018ee8aa67803ea68c54dde86). SHA sums can be easily copied from the website. The separate pull request is required for each version you update. If in doubt reach out to George (gdams) as he's a maintainer.
```

> 1. [Linux only] Once the binaries are available on the website you can begin updating the specfiles for the RPM/DEB files. There are 3 different type of linux installer ([debian](https://github.com/adoptium/installer/tree/master/linuxNew/jdk/debian/src/main/packaging/temurin), [redhat](https://github.com/adoptium/installer/tree/master/linuxNew/jdk/redhat/src/main/packaging/temurin) and [suse](https://github.com/adoptium/installer/tree/master/linuxNew/jdk/suse/src/main/packaging/temurin)) and all 3 need updating. Once these files have been updated the [adoptium-packages-linux-pipeline](https://ci.adoptopenjdk.net/job/adoptium-packages-linux-pipeline/) job needs to be kicked off making sure to tick the `UPLOAD` parameter. It is suggested that you run the job with the `dry-run` parameter first to ensure that your parameters are correctly defined.

Reviewer: Ref my initial comment:

> Presumably it is valid to run the packages job without UPLOAD initially to use as a dry-run similar to the main publish job to verify that no errors occur?

I don't think the job currently has a parameter called `dry-run` (but we should possibly change the job to do so) so this needs to say "It is suggested that you run the job with `UPLOAD` unchecked first"
